Docs: update wipe a host guide (#26377)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/lock-wipe-hosts.md

3. Click the **Actions** dropdown, then click  **Wipe**.
4. Confirm that you want to wipe the device in the dialog. The host will now be marked with a "Wipe pending" badge. Once the wipe command is acknowledged by the host, the badge will update to "Wiped".

> > To re-enroll a wiped Windows or Linux host, delete it from Fleet first. If you re-enroll without deletion, the existing host record will be used, and the new disk encryption key won’t be escrowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When wiping and re-installing the operating system (OS) for a host, also delete it from Fleet before you re-enroll it. If you re-enroll without deleting, a new disk encryption key won’t be escrowed.
```
